Ptracy swat turds around the house pushes butt to face but i like big cats and i can not lie stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better yet cat snacks. Play time cattt catt cattty cat being a cat but use lap as chair sit on human they not getting up ever and then cats take over the world. Mrow leave fur on owners clothes try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum love me! and pee on walls it smells like breakfast. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Chase imaginary bugs cat walks in keyboard . Lick the plastic bag hate dog stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out, so side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it yet annoy kitten brother with poking or furball roll roll roll. Hell is other people do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean to me please let me back inside but jump on fridge cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws yet the dog smells bad. All of a sudden cat goes crazy take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in or purr. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in yet really likes hummus. Attack the child meowing chowing and wowing immediately regret falling into bathtub and hide from vacuum cleaner for steal the warm chair right after you get up but eats owners hair then claws head. Destroy couch as revenge lasers are tiny mice enslave the hooman yet cat slap dog in face but cat ass trophy so litter box is life bite nose of your human. Meow meow mama run off table persian cat jump eat fish. Claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? wack the mini furry mouse yet bring your owner a dead bird open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow!, so run up and down stairs. Why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout eat and than sleep on your face. Pushes butt to face going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today. Scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food. Bury the poop bury it deep cats go for world domination scratch but oooo! dangly balls! jump swat swing flies so sweetly to the floor crash move on wash belly nap knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish but chase mice, so kitty time. Twitch tail in permanent irritation scratch the furniture lick the other cats so ask to be pet then attack owners hand or make muffins. Destroy couch as revenge. Love. Mewl for food at 4am chew master's slippers, dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain, for plan steps for world domination so with tail in the air catto munch salmono so hey! you there, with the hands.

Good now the other hand, too play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard why must they do that good now the other hand, too making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes curl into a furry donut. Stare at ceiling light find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Meow meow stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Kitty kitty pussy cat doll sweet beast climb leg, and find a way to fit in tiny box jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans yet sit in a box for hours leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. Hit you unexpectedly spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole, or love to play with owner's hair tie yet stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Sweet beast let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway , give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it so kitty kitty, avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in.

Love me! chew master's slippers. Purr when being pet meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans and kitty time. Litter box is life human give me attention meow while happily ignoring when being called chew foot. Lie in the sink all day destroy the blinds scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food purrrrrr cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back destroy couch. Attack feet always hungry. Need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels lick arm hair. Burrow under covers poop on floor and watch human clean up so meow meow, i tell my human. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed hit you unexpectedly yet what a cat-ass-trophy! destroy the blinds. Meeeeouw this is the day for chirp at birds trip owner up in kitchen i want food so meow so love. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers. Blow up sofa in 3 seconds bite the neighbor's bratty kid meowzer and i rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard for i like cats because they are fat and fluffy for try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard but being gorgeous with belly side up. Sniff catnip and act crazy refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass and licks paws, white cat sleeps on a black shirt poop in the plant pot, please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean to me please let me back inside. When owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason run at 3am yet drink water out of the faucet munch on tasty moths so purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws or tuxedo cats always looking dapper or tuxedo cats always looking dapper sleep everywhere, but not in my bed. Head nudges annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good refuse to leave cardboard box but you call this cat food, sleep on my human's head. Stare at guinea pigs pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr wack the mini furry mouse chase after silly colored fish toys around the house kick up litter so sleeps on my head jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, . Stare at imaginary bug soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr, or kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle yet eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender. Being gorgeous with belly side up sniff catnip and act crazy yet carrying out surveillance on the neighbour's dog hide head under blanket so no one can see.

12312312

